#### GENERAL ELB CONCEPTS


Elastic Load Balancing automatically distributes incoming application traffic

across multiple targets, such as Amazon EC2 instances, containers, and IP

addresses.


**There are three types of Elastic Load Balancer (ELB) on AWS:**


- Classic Load Balancer (CLB) – this is the oldest of the three and provides

  basic load balancing at both layer 4 and layer 7.

- Application Load Balancer (ALB) – layer 7 load balancer that routes

  connections based on the content of the request.

- Network Load Balancer (NLB) – layer 4 load balancer that routes connections

  based on IP protocol data.


Note: The Classic Load Balancer may be phased out over time and Amazon are

promoting the ALB and NLB for most use cases within VPC.


The following image provides an overview of some of the key differences between

the three types of ELB:


The following table provides a more detailed feature comparison:


Elastic Load Balancing provides fault tolerance for applications by

automatically balancing traffic across targets – Amazon EC2 instances,

containers and IP addresses – and Availability Zones while ensuring only healthy

targets receive traffic.


An ELB can distribute incoming traffic across your Amazon EC2 instances in a

single Availability Zone or multiple Availability Zones.


Only 1 subnet per AZ can be enabled for each ELB.


Route 53 can be used for region load balancing with ELB instances configured in

each region.


**ELBs can be Internet facing or internal-only.**


**Internet facing ELB:**


- ELB nodes have public IPs.

- Routes traffic to the private IP addresses of the EC2 instances.

- Need one public subnet in each AZ where the ELB is defined.

- ELB DNS name format: <name>-<id-number>.<region>.elb.amazonaws.com.


**Internal only ELB:**


- ELB nodes have private IPs.

- Routes traffic to the private IP addresses of the EC2 instances.



- ELB DNS name format: **internal** - <name>-<id-number>.<region>

  .elb.amazonaws.com.


Internal-only load balancers do not need an Internet gateway.


EC2 instances and containers can be registered against an ELB.


ELB nodes use IP addresses within your subnets, ensure at least a /27 subnet and

make sure there are at least 8 IP addresses available in order for the ELB to

scale.


An ELB forwards traffic to eth0 (primary IP address).


**An ELB listener is the process that checks for connection requests:**


- Listeners for CLB provide options for TCP and HTTP/HTTPS.

- Listeners for ALB only provide options for HTTP and HTTPS.

- Listeners for NLB only provide TCP as an option.


Deleting an ELB does not affect the instances registered against it (they won’t

be deleted; they just won’t receive any more requests).


For ALB at least 2 subnets must be specified.


For NLB only one subnet must be specified (recommended to add at least 2).


For CLB you don’t need to specify any subnets unless you have “Enable advanced

VPC configuration” enabled in which case you must specify two.


ELB uses a DNS record TTL of 60 seconds to ensure new ELB node IP addresses are

used to service clients.


By default, the ELB has an idle connection timeout of 60 seconds, set the idle

timeout for applications to at least 60 seconds.


Perfect Forward Secrecy (PFS) provides additional safeguards against the

eavesdropping of encrypted data, through the use of a unique random session key.


Server Order Preference lets you configure the load balancer to enforce cipher

ordering, providing more control over the level of security used by clients to

connect with your load balancer.


ELB does not support client certificate authentication (API Gateway does support

this).

