#### NETWORK LOAD BALANCER


Network Load Balancer operates at the connection level (Layer 4), routing

connections to targets – Amazon EC2 instances, containers and IP addresses based

on IP protocol data.


It is architected to handle millions of requests/sec, sudden volatile traffic

patterns and provides extremely low latencies.


**Network Load Balancer supports features including:**


- WebSockets

- TLS termination

- Preserves the source IP of the clients

- Provides stable IP support and Zonal isolation

- Long-running connections that are very useful for WebSocket type applications


High throughput – designed to handle traffic as it grows and can load balance

millions of requests/second.


Extremely low latencies for latency-sensitive applications.


Uses static IP addresses – each NLB provides a single IP address for each AZ.


Can also assign an Elastic IP to the load balancer per AZ.


The IP-per-AZ feature reduces latency with improved performance, improves

availability through isolation and fault tolerance and makes the use of NLBs

transparent to your client applications.


Preserves the source IP of clients and provides stable IP support and Zonal

isolation.


Can load balance any application hosted in AWS or on-premises using IP addresses

of the application back-ends as targets.


NLB supports connections from clients to IP-based targets in peered VPCs across

different AWS Regions.


Supports both network and application target health checks.


Supports long-running/lived connections (ideal for WebSocket applications).


Supports failover between IP addresses within and across regions (uses Route 53

health checks).


Integration with Route 53 enables the removal of a failed load balancer IP

address from service and subsequent redirection of traffic to an alternate

Network Load Balancer in another region.


Supports cross-zone load balancing (not enabled by default when created through

the console, unlike ALB and CLB).


Uses the same API as the Application Load Balancer.


Also uses Target Groups (see section above).


**Target groups for Network Load Balancers support the following protocols and

ports:**


- **Protocols:** TCP, TLS, UDP, TCP_UDP.

- **Ports:** 1 - 65535.


The following table summarizes the supported combinations of listener protocol

and target group settings:


CloudWatch reports Network Load Balancer metrics.


Enhanced logging – can use the Flow Logs feature to record all requests sent to

your load balancer.

