#### SNAPSHOTS


Snapshots capture a point-in-time state of an instance.


Cost-effective and easy backup strategy.


Share data sets with other users or accounts.


Can be used to migrate a system to a new AZ or region.


Can be used to convert an unencrypted volume to an encrypted volume.


Snapshots are stored on Amazon S3.


Does not provide granular backup (not a replacement for backup software).


If you make periodic snapshots of a volume, the snapshots are incremental, which

means that only the blocks on the device that have changed after your last

snapshot are saved in the new snapshot.


Even though snapshots are saved incrementally, the snapshot deletion process is

designed so that you need to retain only the most recent snapshot in order to

restore the volume.


Snapshots can only be accessed through the EC2 APIs.


EBS volumes are AZ specific but snapshots are region specific.


Volumes can be created from EBS snapshots that are the same size or larger.


Snapshots can be taken of non-root EBS volumes while running.


To take consistent snapshots writes must be stopped (paused) until the snapshot

is complete – if not possible the volume needs to be detached, or if it’s an EBS

root volume the instance must be stopped.


To lower storage costs on S3 a full snapshot and subsequent incremental updates

can be created.


You are charged for data traffic to S3 and storage costs on S3.


You are billed only for the changed blocks.


Deleting a snapshot removes only the data not needed by any other snapshot.


You can resize volumes through restoring snapshots with different sizes (

configured when taking the snapshot).


Snapshots can be copied between regions (and be encrypted). Images are then

created from the snapshot in the other region which creates an AMI that can be

used to boot an instance.


You can create volumes from snapshots and choose the availability zone within

the region.

