#### EBS VOLUME TYPES


**SSD, General Purpose – GP2**


- Baseline of 3 IOPS per GiB with a minimum of 100 IOPS.

- Burst up to 3000 IOPS (for volumes >= 334GB).

- Up to 16,000 IOPS per volume.

- AWS designs gp2 volumes to deliver 90% of the provisioned performance 99% of

  the time. A gp2 volume can range in size from 1 GiB to 16 TiB.


**SSD, Provisioned IOPS – I01**


- More than 16,000 IOPS.

- Up to 64,000 IOPS per volume.

- Up to 50 IOPS per GiB.

- Amazon EBS delivers the provisioned IOPS performance 99.9 percent of the time.


**HDD, Throughput Optimized – (ST1):**


- Frequently accessed, throughput intensive workloads with large datasets and

  large I/O sizes, such as MapReduce, Kafka, log processing, data warehouse, and

  ETL workloads.

- Throughput measured in MB/s, and includes the ability to burst up to 250 MB/s

  per TB, with a baseline throughput of 40 MB/s per TB and a maximum throughput

  of 500 MB/s per volume.

- Cannot be a boot volume.


**HDD, Cold – (SC1):**


- Lowest cost storage – cannot be a boot volume.

- Less frequently accessed workloads with large, cold datasets.

- These volumes can burst up to 80 MB/s per TB, with a baseline throughput of 12

  MB/s per TB and a maximum throughput of 250 MB/s per volume.


HDD, Magnetic – Standard – cheap, infrequently accessed storage – lowest cost

storage that cannot be a boot volume.


**EBS optimized instances:**


- Dedicated capacity for Amazon EBS I/O.

- EBS-optimized instances are designed for use with all EBS volume types.

- Max bandwidth: 400 Mbps – 12000 Mbps.

- IOPS: 3000 – 65000.

- GP-SSD within 10% of baseline and burst performance 99.9% of the time.

- PIOPS within 10% of baseline and burst performance 99.9% of the time.

- Additional hourly fee.

- Available for select instance types.

- Some instance types have EBS-optimized enabled by default.

