#### ENCRYPTION


You can encrypt both the boot and data volumes of an EC2 instance. When you

create an encrypted EBS volume and attach it to a supported instance type, the

following types of data are encrypted:


- Data at rest inside the volume.

- All data moving between the volume and the instance.

- All snapshots created from the volume.

- All volumes created from those snapshots.


Encryption is supported by all EBS volume types.


Expect the same IOPS performance on encrypted volumes as on unencrypted volumes.


All instance families support encryption.


**Amazon EBS encryption is available on the instance types listed below:**


- General purpose: A1, M3, M4, M5, M5a, M5ad, M5d, T2, T3, and T3a.

- Compute optimized: C3, C4, C5, C5d, and C5n.

- Memory optimized: cr1.8xlarge, R3, R4, R5, R5a, R5ad, R5d, u-6tb1.metal,

  u-9tb1.metal, u- 12tb1.metal, X1, X1e, and z1d.

- Storage optimized: D2, h1.2xlarge, h1.4xlarge, I2, and I3.

- Accelerated computing: F1, G2, G3, G4, P2, and P3.


EBS encrypts your volume with a data key using the industry-standard AES- 256

algorithm.


Your data key is stored on-disk with your encrypted data, but not before EBS

encrypts it with your CMK. Your data key never appears on disk in plaintext..


The same data key is shared by snapshots of the volume and any subsequent

volumes created from those snapshots.


Snapshots of encrypted volumes are encrypted automatically.


EBS volumes restored from encrypted snapshots are encrypted automatically.


EBS volumes created from encrypted snapshots are also encrypted.


You can share snapshots, but if they’re encrypted it must be with a custom CMK

key.


There is no direct way to change the encryption state of a volume.


Either create an encrypted volume and copy data to it or take a snapshot,

encrypt it, and create a new encrypted volume from the snapshot.


To encrypt a volume or snapshot you need an encryption key, these are customer

managed keys

(CMK) and they are managed by the AWS Key Management Service (KMS).


A default CMK key is generated for the first encrypted volumes.


Subsequent encrypted volumes will use their own unique key (AES 256 bit).


The CMK used to encrypt a volume is used by any snapshots and volumes created

from snapshots.


You cannot share encrypted volumes created using a default CMK key.


You cannot change the CMK key that is used to encrypt a volume.


You must create a copy of the snapshot and change encryption keys as part of the

copy.


This is required in order to be able to share the encrypted volume.


By default, only the account owner can create volumes from snapshots.


You can share unencrypted snapshots with the AWS community by making them

public.


You can also share unencrypted snapshots with other AWS accounts by making them

private and selecting the accounts to share them with.


You cannot make encrypted snapshots public.


You can share encrypted snapshots with other AWS accounts using a non-default

CMK key and configuring cross-account permissions to give the account access to

the key, mark as private and configure the account to share with.


The receiving account must copy the snapshot before they can then create volumes

from the snapshot.


It is recommended that the receiving account re-encrypt the shared and encrypted

snapshot using their own CMK key.


**The following information applies to snapshots:**


- Snapshots are created asynchronously and are incremental.

- You can copy unencrypted snapshots (optionally encrypt).

- You can copy an encrypted snapshot (optionally re-encrypt with a different

  key).

- Snapshot copies receive a new unique ID.

- You can copy within or between regions.



- You cannot move snapshots, only copy them.

- You cannot take a copy of a snapshot when it is in a “pending” state, it must

  be “complete”.

- S3 Server Side Encryption (SSE) protects data in transit while copying.

- User defined tags are not copied.

- You can have up to 5 snapshot copy requests running in a single destination

  per account.

- You can copy Import/Export service, AWS Marketplace, and AWS Storage Gateway

  snapshots.

- If you try to copy an encrypted snapshot without having access to the

  encryption keys it will fail silently (

  cross-account permissions are required).


**Copying snapshots may be required for:**


- Creating services in other regions.

- DR – the ability to restore from snapshot in another region.

- Migration to another region.

- Applying encryption.

- Data retention.


**To take application-consistent snapshots of RAID arrays:**


- Stop the application from writing to disk.

- Flush all caches to the disk.

- Freeze the filesystem.

- Unmount the RAID array.

- Shut down the associated EC2 instance.

