### Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF)


Amazon Simple Workflow Service (SWF) is a web service that makes it easy to

coordinate work across distributed application components.


Create distributed asynchronous systems as workflows.


Supports both sequential and parallel processing.


Tracks the state of your workflow which you interact and update via API.


Best suited for human-enabled workflows like an order fulfilment system or for

procedural requests.


AWS recommends that for new applications customers consider Step Functions

instead of SWF.


SWF enables applications for a range of use cases, including media processing,

web application back-ends, business process workflows, and analytics pipelines,

to be designed as a coordination of tasks.


Registration is a one-time step that you perform for each different type of

workflow and activity.


SWF has a completion time of up to 1 year for workflow executions.


SWF uses a task-oriented API.


SWF ensures a task is assigned once and never duplicated.


SWF keeps track of all the tasks and events in an application.


A domain is a logical container for application resources such as workflows,

activities, and


executions.


Workers are programs that interact with Amazon SWF to get tasks, process

received tasks, and return the results.


The decider is a program that controls the coordination of tasks, i.e. their

ordering, concurrency, and scheduling according to the application logic.


**SWF applications include the following logical components:**


- Domains.

- Workflows.

- Activities.

- Task Lists.

- Workers.

- Workflow Execution.

