#### IAM INFRASTRUCTURE ELEMENTS


**Principals:**


- An entity that can take an action on an AWS resource.

- Your administrative IAM user is your first principal.

- You can allow users and services to assume a role.

- IAM supports federated users.

- IAM supports programmatic access to allow an application to access your AWS

  account.

- IAM users, roles, federated users, and applications are all AWS principals


**Requests:**


- Principals send requests via the Console, CLI, SDKs, or APIs. Requests are:

- Actions (or operations) that the principal wants to perform.

- Resources upon which the actions are performed.

- Principal information including the environment from which the request was

  made.


**Request context - AWS gathers the request information:**


- Principal (requester).

- Aggregate permissions associated with the principal.



- Environment data, such as IP address, user agent, SSL status etc.

- Resource data, or data that is related to the resource being requested.


**Authentication:**


- A principal sending a request must be authenticated to send a request to AWS.

- To authenticate from the console, you must sign in with your user name and

  password.

- To authenticate from the API or CLI, you must provide your access key and

  secret key.


**Authorization:**


- IAM uses values from the request context to check for matching policies and

  determines whether to allow or deny the request.

- IAM policies are stored in IAM as JSON documents and specify the permissions

  that are allowed or denied.

- IAM policies can be:

  o User (identity) based policies o Resource-based policies

- IAM checks each policy that matches the context of your request.

- If a single policy has a deny action IAM denies the request and stops

  evaluating (explicit deny).

- **Evaluation logic:**

  o By default, all requests are denied (implicit deny). o An explicit allow

  overrides the implicit deny. o An explicit deny overrides any explicit allows.

- Only the root user has access to all resources in the account by default.


**Actions:**


- Actions are defined by a service.

- Actions are the things you can do to a resource such as viewing, creating,

  editing, deleting.

- Any actions on resources that are not explicitly allowed are denied.

- To allow a principal to perform an action you must include the necessary

  actions in a policy that applies to the principal or the affected resource.


**Resources:**


- A resource is an entity that exists within a service.

- E.g. EC2 instances, S3 buckets, IAM users, and DynamoDB tables.

- Each AWS service defines a set of actions that can be performed on the

  resource.

- After AWS approves the actions in your request, those actions can be performed

  on the related resources within your account.

