#### GENERAL


EFS is a fully-managed service that makes it easy to set up and scale file

storage in the Amazon Cloud.


Implementation of an NFS file share and is accessed using the NFSv4.1 protocol.


Elastic storage capacity and pay for what you use (in contrast to EBS with which

you pay for what you provision).


Multi-AZ metadata and data storage.


Can configure mount-points in one, or many, AZs.


Can be mounted from on-premises systems ONLY if using Direct Connect or a VPN

connection.


Alternatively, use the EFS File Sync agent.


Good for big data and analytics, media processing workflows, content management,

web serving, home directories etc.


Pay for what you use (no pre-provisioning required).


Can scale up to petabytes.


EFS is elastic and grows and shrinks as you add and remove data.


Can concurrently connect 1 to 1000s of EC2 instances, from multiple AZs.


A file system can be accessed concurrently from all AZs in the region where it

is located.


The following diagram depicts the various options for mounting an EFS

filesystem:


By default, you can create up to 10 file systems per account.


Access to EFS file systems from on-premises servers can be enabled via Direct

Connect or AWS VPN.


You mount an EFS file system on your on-premises Linux server using the standard

Linux mount command for mounting a file system via the NFSv4.1 protocol.


Can choose General Purpose or Max I/O (both SSD).


The VPC of the connecting instance must have DNS hostnames enabled.


EFS provides a file system interface, file system access semantics (such as

strong consistency and file locking).


Data is stored across multiple AZ’s within a region.


Read after write consistency.


Need to create mount targets and choose AZ’s to include (recommended to include

all AZ’s).


Instances can be behind an ELB.


EC2 Classic instances must mount via ClassicLink.


EFS is compatible with all Linux-based AMIs for Amazon EC2.


Using the EFS-to-EFS Backup solution, you can schedule automatic incremental

backups of your Amazon EFS file system.


The following table provides a comparison of the **storage characteristics of

EFS vs EBS** :

