#### VPC ENDPOINTS


An Interface endpoint uses AWS PrivateLink and is an elastic network interface (

ENI) with a private IP address that serves as an entry point for traffic

destined to a supported service.


Using PrivateLink you can connect your VPC to supported AWS services, services

hosted by other AWS accounts (VPC endpoint services), and supported AWS

Marketplace partner services.


**AWS PrivateLink access over Inter-Region VPC Peering:**


- Applications in an AWS VPC can securely access AWS PrivateLink endpoints

  across AWS Regions using Inter-Region VPC Peering.

- AWS PrivateLink allows you to privately access services hosted on AWS in a

  highly available and scalable manner, without using public IPs, and without

  requiring the traffic to traverse the Internet.

- Customers can privately connect to a service even if the service endpoint

  resides in a different AWS Region.

- Traffic using Inter-Region VPC Peering stays on the global AWS backbone and

  never traverses the public Internet.


A gateway endpoint is a gateway that is a target for a specified route in your

route table, used for traffic destined to a supported AWS service.


An interface VPC endpoint (interface endpoint) enables you to connect to

services powered by AWS PrivateLink.


The table below highlights some key information about both types of endpoint:


By default, IAM users do not have permission to work with endpoints.


You can create an IAM user policy that grants users the permissions to create,

modify, describe, and delete endpoints.


There’s a long list of services that are supported by interface endpoints.


Gateway endpoints are only available for:


- Amazon DyanmoDB

- Amazon S 3

