#### SUBNETS AND SUBNET SIZING


**Types of subnet:**


- If a subnet’s traffic is routed to an internet gateway, the subnet is known as

  a **public subnet.**

- If a subnet doesn’t have a route to the internet gateway, the subnet is known

  as a **private**


```

subnet.

```


- If a subnet doesn’t have a route to the internet gateway, but has its traffic

  routed to a virtual private gateway for a VPN connection, the subnet is known

  as a **VPN-only subnet.**


The VPC is created with a master address range (CIDR block, can be anywhere from

16 - 28 bits), and subnet ranges are created within that range.


New subnets are always associated with the default route table.


Once the VPC is created you cannot change the CIDR block.


You cannot create additional CIDR blocks that overlap with existing CIDR blocks.


You cannot create additional CIDR blocks in a different RFC 1918 range.


Subnets with overlapping IP address ranges cannot be created.


The first 4 and last 1 IP addresses in a subnet are reserved.


Subnets are created within availability zones (AZs).


Each subnet must reside entirely within one Availability Zone and cannot span

zones.


Availability Zones are distinct locations that are engineered to be isolated

from failures in other Availability Zones.


Availability Zones are connected with low latency, high throughput, and highly

redundant networking.


Can create private, public or VPN subnets.


Subnets map 1:1 to AZs and cannot span AZs.


You can only attach one Internet gateway to a custom VPC.


IPv6 addresses are all public and the range is allocated by AWS.

