#### SECURITY GROUPS


Security groups act like a firewall at the instance level.


Specifically, security groups operate at the network interface level.


Can only assign permit rules in a security group, cannot assign deny rules.


There is an implicit deny rule at the end of the security group.


All rules are evaluated until a permit is encountered or continues until the

implicit deny.


Can control ingress and egress traffic.


Security groups are stateful.


By default, custom security groups do not have inbound allow rules (all inbound

traffic is denied by default).


By default, default security groups do have inbound allow rules (allowing

traffic from within the group).


All outbound traffic is allowed by default in custom and default security

groups.


You cannot delete the security group that’s created by default within a VPC.


You can use security group names as the source or destination in other security

groups.


You can use the security group name as a source in its own inbound rules.


Security group members can be within any AZ or subnet within the VPC.


Security group membership can be changed whilst instances are running.


Any changes made will take effect immediately.


Up to 5 security groups can be added per EC2 instance interface.


There is no limit on the number of EC2 instances within a security group.


You cannot block specific IP addresses using security groups, use NACLs instead.


**NETWORK ACL'S**


Network ACL’s function at the subnet level.


The VPC router hosts the network ACL function.


With NACLs you can have permit and deny rules.


Network ACLs contain a numbered list of rules that are evaluated in order from

the lowest number until the explicit deny.


Recommended to leave spacing between network ACL numbers.


Network ACLs have separate inbound and outbound rules and each rule can allow or

deny traffic.


Network ACLs are stateless, so responses are subject to the rules for the

direction of traffic.


NACLs only apply to traffic that is ingress or egress to the subnet not to

traffic within the subnet.


A VPC automatically comes with a default network ACL which allows all

inbound/outbound traffic.


A custom NACL denies all traffic both inbound and outbound by default.


All subnets must be associated with a network ACL.


You can create custom network ACL’s. By default, each custom network ACL denies

all inbound and outbound traffic until you add rules.


Each subnet in your VPC must be associated with a network ACL. If you don’t do

this manually it will be associated with the default network ACL.


You can associate a network ACL with multiple subnets; however, a subnet can

only be associated with one network ACL at a time.


Network ACLs do not filter traffic between instances in the same subnet.


NACLs are the preferred option for blocking specific IPs or ranges.


Security groups cannot be used to block specific ranges of IPs.


NACL is the first line of defense, the security group is the second line.


Also recommended to have software firewalls installed on your instances.


Changes to NACLs take effect immediately.

