#### GENERAL LAMBDA CONCEPTS


AWS Lambda lets you run code as functions without provisioning or managing

servers.


Lambda-based applications (also referred to as serverless applications) are

composed of functions triggered by events.


With serverless computing, your application still runs on servers, but all the

server management is done by AWS.


You cannot log in to the compute instances that run Lambda functions or

customize the operating system or language runtime.


**Lambda functions:**


- Consist of code and any associated dependencies.

- Configuration information is associated with the function.

- You specify the configuration information when you create the function.

- API provided for updating configuration data.


You specify the amount of memory you need allocated to your Lambda functions.


AWS Lambda allocates CPU power proportional to the memory you specify using the

same ratio as a general purpose EC2 instance type.


**Functions can access:**


- AWS services or non-AWS services.

- AWS services running in VPCs (e.g. RedShift, Elasticache, RDS instances).

- Non-AWS services running on EC2 instances in an AWS VPC.


To enable your Lambda function to access resources inside your private VPC, you

must provide additional VPC-specific configuration information that includes VPC

subnet IDs and security group IDs.


AWS Lambda uses this information to set up elastic network interfaces (ENIs)

that enable your function.


**Compute resources:**


- You can request additional memory in 64MB increments from 128MB to 3008MB.

- Functions larger than 1536MB are allocated multiple CPU threads, and

  multi-threaded or multi-process code is needed to take advantage.


**There is a maximum execution timeout.**


- Max is 15 minutes (900 seconds), default is 3 seconds.

- You pay for the time it runs.

- Lambda terminates the function at the timeout.


Code is invoked using API calls made using AWS SDKs.


Lambda assumes an IAM role when it executes the function.


The handler name refers to the method in your code where Lambda begins

execution.


**The components of AWS Lambda are:**


- A Lambda function which is comprised of your custom code and any dependent

  libraries.

- Event sources such as SNS or a custom service that triggers your function and

  executes its logic.

- Downstream resources such as DynamoDB or Amazon S3 buckets that your Lambda

  function calls once it is triggered.

- Log streams are custom logging statements that allow you to analyze the

  execution flow and performance of your Lambda function.


Lambda is an event-driven compute service where AWS Lambda runs code in response

to events such as changes to data in an S3 bucket or a DynamoDB table.


An event source is an AWS service or developer-created application that produces

events that trigger an AWS Lambda function to run.


Event sources are mapped to Lambda functions.


Event sources maintain the mapping configuration except for stream-based

services (e.g. DynamoDB, Kinesis) for which the configuration is made on the

Lambda side and Lambda performs the polling.


**Supported AWS event sources include:**


- Amazon S3.

- Amazon DynamoDB.

- Amazon Kinesis Data Streams.

- Amazon Simple Notification Service.

- Amazon Simple Email Service.

- Amazon Simple Queue Service.

- Amazon Cognito.

- AWS CloudFormation.

- Amazon CloudWatch Logs.

- Amazon CloudWatch Events.

- AWS CodeCommit.

- Scheduled Events (powered by Amazon CloudWatch Events).

- AWS Config.

- Amazon Alexa.

- Amazon Lex.

- Amazon API Gateway.

- AWS IoT Button.

- Amazon CloudFront.

- Amazon Kinesis Data Firehose.

- Other Event Sources: Invoking a Lambda Function On Demand.


Other event sources can invoke Lambda functions on-demand (application needs

permissions to


invoke the Lambda function).


Lambda can run code in response to HTTP requests using Amazon API gateway or API

calls made using the AWS SDKs.


AWS Lambda supports code written in Node.js (JavaScript), Python, Java (Java 8

compatible), C#

(.NET Core), Ruby, Go and PowerShell.


AWS Lambda stores code in Amazon S3 and encrypts it at rest.


Continuous scaling – scales out not up.


Lambda scales concurrently executing functions up to your default limit (1000).


Lambda functions are serverless and independent, 1 event = 1 function.


Functions can trigger other functions so 1 event can trigger multiple functions.


For non-stream-based event sources each published event is a unit of work, run

in parallel up to your account limit (one Lambda function per event)2.


For stream-based event sources the number of shards indicates the unit of

concurrency (one function per shard).


Lambda works globally.


To enable VPC support, you need to specify one or more subnets in a single VPC

and a security group as part of your function configuration.


Lambda functions provide access only to a single VPC. If multiple subnets are

specified, they must all be in the same VPC.


Lambda functions configured to access resources in a particular VPC will not

have access to the Internet as a default configuration. If you need access to

external endpoints, you will need to create a NAT in your VPC to forward this

traffic and configure your security group to allow this outbound traffic.


Versioning can be used to run different versions of your code.


Each Lambda function has a unique Amazon Resource Name (ARN) which cannot be

changed after publishing.


**Use cases fall within the following categories:**


- Using Lambda functions with AWS services as event sources.

- On-demand Lambda function invocation over HTTPS using Amazon API Gateway (

  custom REST API and endpoint).

- On-demand Lambda function invocation using custom applications (mobile, web

  apps, clients) and AWS SDKs, AWS Mobile SDKs, and the AWS Mobile SDK for

  Android.

- Scheduled events can be configured to run code on a scheduled basis through

  the AWS Lambda Console.

