### Amazon CloudWatch

Amazon CloudWatch is a monitoring service for AWS cloud resources and the
applications you run on AWS.

CloudWatch vs CloudTrail:

Used to collect and track metrics, collect and monitor log files, and set
alarms.

Automatically react to changes in your AWS resources.

**With CloudWatch you can monitor resources such as:**

- EC2 instances.

- DynamoDB tables.

- RDS DB instances.

- Custom metrics generated by applications and services.

- Any log files generated by your applications.

Gain system-wide visibility into resource utilization.

Monitor application performance.

Monitor operational health.

CloudWatch is accessed via API, command-line interface, AWS SDKs, and the AWS
Management Console.

CloudWatch integrates with IAM.

**CloudWatch Logs:**

- Amazon CloudWatch Logs lets you monitor and troubleshoot your systems and
  applications

```

using your existing system, application and custom log files.

```

- You can use Amazon CloudWatch Logs to monitor, store, and access your log
  files from Amazon Elastic Compute Cloud (

  Amazon EC2) instances, AWS CloudTrail, Route 53, and other sources.

- CloudWatch Logs can be used for real time application and system monitoring as
  well as long term log retention.

- CloudWatch Logs keeps logs indefinitely by default.

- CloudTrail logs can be sent to CloudWatch Logs for real-time monitoring.

- CloudWatch Logs metric filters can evaluate CloudTrail logs for specific
  terms, phrases or values.

**CloudWatch retains metric data as follows:**

- Data points with a period of less than 60 seconds are available for 3 hours.
  These data points are high-resolution

  custom metrics.

- Data points with a period of 60 seconds (1 minute) are available for 15 days.

- Data points with a period of 300 seconds (5 minute) are available for 63 days.

- Data points with a period of 3600 seconds (1 hour) are available for 455
  days (15 months).

