#### GENERAL REDSHIFT CONCEPTS


Amazon Redshift is a fast, fully managed data warehouse that makes it simple and

cost-effective to analyze all your data using standard SQL and existing Business

Intelligence (BI) tools.


Clustered peta-byte scale data warehouse.


RedShift is a SQL based data warehouse used for **analytics** applications.


RedShift is an Online Analytics Processing (OLAP) type of DB.


RedShift is used for running complex analytic queries against petabytes of

structured data, using sophisticated query optimization, columnar storage on

high-performance local disks, and massively parallel query execution.


RedShift is ideal for **processing** large amounts of data for business

intelligence.


Extremely cost-effective as compared to some other on-premises data warehouse

platforms.


PostgreSQL compatible with JDBC and ODBC drivers available; compatible with most

Business Intelligence tools out of the box.


Features parallel processing and columnar data stores which are optimized for

complex queries.


Option to query directly from data files on S3 via RedShift Spectrum.


RedShift is 10x faster than a traditional SQL DB.


RedShift can store huge amounts of data but cannot ingest huge amounts of data

in real time.


**RedShift uses columnar data storage:**


- Data is stored sequentially in columns instead of rows.

- Columnar based DB is ideal for data warehousing and analytics.

- Requires fewer I/Os which greatly enhances performance.


**RedShift provides advanced compression:**


- Data is stored sequentially in columns which allows for much better

  performance and less storage space.

- RedShift automatically selects the compression scheme.


RedShift provides good query performance and compression.


RedShift provides Massively Parallel Processing (MPP) by distributing data and

queries across all nodes.


RedShift uses EC2 instances so you need to choose your instance type/size for

scaling compute vertically, but you can also scale horizontally by adding more

nodes to the cluster.


You cannot have direct access to your AWS RedShift cluster nodes as a user, but

you can through applications.


HDD and SSD storage options.


The size of a single node is 160GB and clusters can be created up to a petabyte

or more.


**Multi-node consists of:**


**Leader node:**


- Manages client connections and receives queries.

- Simple SQL end-point.

- Stores metadata.

- Optimizes query plan.

- Coordinates query execution.


**Compute nodes:**


- Stores data and performs queries and computations.

- Local columnar storage.

- Parallel/distributed execution of all queries, loads, backups, restores,

  resizes.

- Up to 128 compute nodes.


Amazon RedShift Spectrum is a feature of Amazon Redshift that enables you to run

queries against exabytes of unstructured data in Amazon S3, with no loading or

ETL required.

