#### GENERAL AUTO SCALING CONCEPTS


Amazon EC2 Auto Scaling helps you ensure that you have the correct number of

Amazon EC2 instances available to handle the load for your application.


You create collections of EC2 instances, called Auto Scaling groups.


Automatically provides horizontal scaling (scale-out) for your instances.


Triggered by an event of scaling action to either launch or terminate instances.


Availability, cost, and system metrics can all factor into scaling.


Auto Scaling is a region-specific service.


Auto Scaling can span multiple AZs within the same AWS region.


Auto Scaling can be configured from the Console, CLI, SDKs and APIs.


There is no additional cost for Auto Scaling, you just pay for the resources (

EC2 instances)

provisioned.


Auto Scaling works with ELB, CloudWatch and CloudTrail.


You can determine which subnets Auto Scaling will launch new instances into.


Auto Scaling will try to distribute EC2 instances evenly across AZs.


Launch configuration is the template used to create new EC2 instances and

includes parameters such as instance family, instance type, AMI, key pair and

security groups.


You cannot edit a launch configuration once defined.


**A launch configuration:**


- Can be created from the AWS console or CLI.

- You can create a new launch configuration, or.

- You can use an existing running EC2 instance to create the launch

  configuration. o The AMI must exist on EC2. o EC2 instance tags and any

  additional block store volumes created after the instance


```

launch will not be taken into account.

```


- If you want to change your launch configurations you have to create a new one,

  make the required changes, and use that with your auto scaling groups.


You can use a launch configuration with multiple Auto Scaling Groups (ASG).


An ASG is a logical grouping of EC2 instances managed by an Auto Scaling Policy.


An ASG can be edited once defined.


You can attach one or more classic ELBs to your existing ASG.


You can attach one or more Target Groups to your ASG to include instances behind

an ALB.


The ELBs must be in the same region.


Once you do this any EC2 instance existing or added by the ASG will be

automatically registered with the ASG defined ELBs.


If adding an instance to an ASG would result in exceeding the maximum capacity

of the ASG the request will fail.


**You can add a running instance to an ASG if the following conditions are

met:**


- The instance is in a running state.

- The AMI used to launch the instance still exists.

- The instance is not part of another ASG.

- The instance is in the same AZs for the ASG.

