#### AMAZON FSX FOR LUSTRE


Amazon FSx for Lustre provides a high-performance file system optimized for fast

processing of workloads such as machine learning, high performance computing (

HPC), video processing, financial modeling, and electronic design automation (

EDA)

.


These workloads commonly require data to be presented via a fast and scalable

file system interface, and typically have data sets stored on long-term data

stores like Amazon S3.


Amazon FSx for Lustre provides a fully managed high-performance Lustre file

system that allows file-based applications to access data with hundreds of

gigabytes per second of data, millions of IOPS, and sub millisecond latencies.


Amazon FSx works natively with Amazon S3, letting you transparently access your

S3 objects as files on Amazon FSx to run analyses for hours to months.


You can then write results back to S3, and simply delete your file system. FSx

for Lustre also enables you to burst your data processing workloads from

on-premises to AWS, by allowing you to access your FSx file system over Amazon

Direct Connect or VPN.


You can also use FSx for Lustre as a standalone high-performance file system to

burst your workloads from on-premises to the cloud.


By copying on-premises data to an FSx for Lustre file system, you can make that

data available for fast processing by compute instances running on AWS.


With Amazon FSx, you pay for only the resources you use. There are no minimum

commitments, upfront hardware or software costs, or additional fees.


**Details and Benefits**


Lustre is a popular open-source parallel file system that is designed for

high-performance workloads. These workloads include HPC, machine learning,

analytics, and media processing.


A parallel file system provides high throughput for processing large amounts of

data and performs operations with consistently low latencies.


It does so by storing data across multiple networked servers that thousands of

compute instances can interact with concurrently.


The Lustre file system provides a POSIX-compliant file system interface.


Amazon FSx can scale up to hundreds of gigabytes per second of throughput, and

millions of IOPS.


Amazon FSx provides high throughput for processing large amounts of data and

performs operations with consistent, sub-millisecond latencies.


Amazon FSx for Lustre supports file access to thousands of EC2 instances,

enabling you to provide


file storage for your high-performance workloads, like genomics, seismic

exploration, and video rendering.


**Amazon S3:**


- Amazon FSx works natively with Amazon S3, making it easy to access your S3

  data to run data processing workloads.

- Your S3 objects are presented as files in your file system, and you can write

  your results back to S3.

- This lets you run data processing workloads on FSx for Lustre and store your

  long-term data on S3 or on-premises data stores.


**On-premises:**


- You can use Amazon FSx for Lustre for on-premises workloads that need to burst

  to the cloud due to peak demands or capacity limits.

- To move your existing on-premises data into Amazon FSx, you can mount your

  Amazon FSx for Lustre file system from an on-premises client over AWS Direct

  Connect or VPN, and then use parallel copy tools to import your data to your

  Amazon FSx for Lustre file system.

- At any time, you can write your results back to be durably stored in your data

  lake.


**Security:**


- All Amazon FSx file system data is encrypted at rest.

- You can access your file system from your compute instances using the

  open-source Lustre client.

- Once mounted, you can work with the files and directories in your file system

  just like you would with a local file system.

- FSx for Lustre is compatible with the most popular Linux-based AMIs, including

  Amazon Linux, Red Hat Enterprise Linux (RHEL), CentOS, Ubuntu, and SUSE Linux.

- You access your Amazon FSx file system from endpoints in your Amazon VPC,

  which enables you to isolate your file system in your own virtual network.

- You can configure security group rules and control network access to your

  Amazon FSx file systems.

- Amazon FSx is integrated with AWS Identity and Access Management (IAM).

- This integration means that you can control the actions your AWS IAM users and

  groups can take to manage your file systems (such as creating and deleting

  file systems).

- You can also tag your Amazon FSx resources and control the actions that your

  IAM users and groups can take based on those tags.

