#### INSTANCE TYPES


Amazon EC2 provides a wide selection of instance types optimized to fit

different use cases.


Instance types comprise varying combinations of CPU, memory, storage, and

networking capacity and give you the flexibility to choose the appropriate mix

of resources for your applications.


Each instance type includes one or more instance sizes, allowing you to scale

your resources to the requirements of your target workload.


**Options when launching Instances**


Choose whether to auto-assign a public IP – default is to use the subnet

setting.


Can add an instance to a placement group.


Instances can be assigned to IAM roles which configures them with credentials to

access AWS resources.


Termination protection can be enabled and prevents you from terminating an

instance.


Basic monitoring is enabled by default ( 5 - minute periods), detailed

monitoring can be enabled (1 minute periods, chargeable).


Can define shared or dedicated tenancy.


T2 unlimited allows applications to burst past CPU performance baselines as

required (chargeable).


Can add a script to run on startup (user data).


Can join to a directory (Windows instances only).


There is an option to enable an Elastic GPU (Windows instances only).


Storage options include adding additional volumes and choosing the volume type.


Non-root volumes can be encrypted.


Root volumes can be encrypted if the instance is launched from an encrypted AMI.


There is an option to create tags (or can be done later).


You can select an existing security group or create a new one.


You must create or use an existing key pair – this is required.

