#### NETWORKING


Networking Limits (per Region or as Specified):


**IP Addresses**


There are three types of IP address that can be assigned to an Amazon EC2

instance:


- Public – public address that is assigned automatically to instances in public

  subnets and reassigned if instance is stopped/started.

- Private – private address assigned automatically to all instances.

- Elastic IP – public address that is static.


Public IPv4 addresses are lost when the instance is stopped but private

addresses (IPv4 and IPv6)

are retained.


Public IPv4 addresses are retained if you restart the instance.


Elastic IPs are retained when the instance is stopped.


Elastic IP addresses are static public IP addresses that can be remapped (moved)

between instances.


All accounts are limited to 5 elastic IP’s per region by default.


AWS charge for elastic IP’s when they’re not being used.


An Elastic IP address is for use in a specific region only.


You can assign custom tags to your Elastic IP addresses to categorize them.


By default, EC2 instances come with a private IP assigned to the primary network

interface (eth0).


Public IP addresses are assigned for instances in public subnets (VPC).


Public IP addresses are always assigned for instances in EC2-Classic.


DNS records for elastic IP’s can be configured by filling out a form.


Secondary IP addresses can be useful for hosting multiple websites on a server

or redirecting traffic to a standby EC2 instance for HA.


You can choose whether secondary IP addresses can be reassigned.


You can associate a single private IPv4 address with a single Elastic IP address

and vice versa.


When reassigned the IPv4 to Elastic IP association is maintained.


When a secondary private address is unassigned from an interface, the associated

Elastic IP address is disassociated.


You can assign or remove IP addresses from EC2 instances while they are running

or stopped.


All IP addresses (IPv4 and IPv6) remain attached to the network interface when

detached or reassigned to another instance.


You can attach a network interface to an instance in a different subnet as long

as it’s within the same AZ.


The following table compares the different types of IP address available in

Amazon EC2:


**Elastic Network Interfaces**


An elastic network interface (referred to as a network interface in this

documentation) is a logical networking component in a VPC that represents a

virtual network card.


**A network interface can include the following attributes:**


- A primary private IPv4 address from the IPv4 address range of your VPC

- One or more secondary private IPv4 addresses from the IPv4 address range of

  your VPC

- One Elastic IP address (IPv4) per private IPv4 address

- One public IPv4 address

- One or more IPv6 addresses

- One or more security groups

- A MAC address

- A source/destination check flag

- A description


You can create and configure network interfaces in your account and attach them

to instances in your VPC.


You cannot team by adding ENIs to an instance.


eth0 is the primary network interface and cannot be moved or detached.


By default, eth0 is the only Elastic Network Interface (ENI) created with an EC2

instance when launched.


You can add additional interfaces to EC2 instances (number dependent on

instances family/type).


An ENI is bound to an AZ and you can specify which subnet/AZ you want the ENI to

be added in.


You can specify which IP address within the subnet to configure or leave it be

auto-assigned.


You can only add one extra ENI when launching but more can be attached later.


ENIs can be “hot attached” to running instances.


ENIs can be “warm-attached” when the instance is stopped.


ENIs can be “cold-attached” when the instance is launched.


If you add a second interface AWS will not assign a public IP address to eth0 (

you would need to add an Elastic IP).


Default interfaces are terminated with instance termination.


Manually added interfaces are not terminated by default.


You can change the termination behavior.


**ENHANCED NETWORKING – ELASTIC NETWORK ADAPTER (ENA)**


Enhanced networking provides higher bandwidth, higher packet-per-second (PPS)

performance, and consistently lower inter-instance latencies.


Enhanced networking is enabled using an Elastic Network Adapter (ENA).


If your packets-per-second rate appears to have reached its ceiling, you should

consider moving to enhanced networking because you have likely reached the upper

thresholds of the VIF driver.


AWS currently supports enhanced networking capabilities using SR-IOV.


SR-IOV provides direct access to network adapters, provides higher performance (

packets-per- second) and lower latency.


Must launch an HVM AMI with the appropriate drivers.


Only available for certain instance types.


Only supported in VPC.


**ELASTIC FABRIC ADAPTER (EFA)**


An Elastic Fabric Adapter is an AWS Elastic Network Adapter (ENA) with added

capabilities.


An EFA can still handle IP traffic, but also supports an important access model

commonly called OS bypass.


This model allows the application (most commonly through some user-space

middleware) access the network interface without having to get the operating

system involved with each message.


Elastic Fabric Adapter (EFA) is a network interface for Amazon EC2 instances

that enables customers to run applications requiring high levels of inter-node

communications at scale on AWS.


Its custom-built operating system (OS) bypass hardware interface enhances the

performance of inter-instance communications, which is critical to scaling these

applications.


With EFA, High Performance Computing (HPC) applications using the Message

Passing Interface

(MPI) and Machine Learning (ML) applications using NVIDIA Collective

Communications Library

(NCCL) can scale to thousands of CPUs or GPUs.


As a result, you get the application performance of on-premises HPC clusters

with the on-demand elasticity and flexibility of the AWS cloud.


EFA is available as an optional EC2 networking feature that you can enable on

any supported EC2 instance at no additional cost.

