### AWS Global Accelerator


AWS Global Accelerator is a service that improves the availability and

performance of applications with local or global users.


It provides static IP addresses that act as a fixed entry point to application

endpoints in a single or multiple AWS Regions, such as Application Load

Balancers, Network Load Balancers or EC2 instances.


Uses the AWS global network to optimize the path from users to applications,

improving the performance of TCP and UDP traffic.


AWS Global Accelerator continually monitors the health of application endpoints

and will detect an unhealthy endpoint and redirect traffic to healthy endpoints

in less than 1 minute.


**Details and Benefits**


Uses redundant (two) static anycast IP addresses in different network zones (A

and B).


The redundant pair are globally advertised.


Uses AWS Edge Locations – addresses are announced from multiple edge locations

at the same time.


Addresses are associated to regional AWS resources or endpoints.


AWS Global Accelerator’s IP addresses serve as the frontend interface of

applications.


Intelligent traffic distribution: Routes connections to the closest point of

presence for applications.


Targets can be Amazon EC2 instances or Elastic Load Balancers (ALB and NLB).


By using the static IP addresses, you don’t need to make any client-facing

changes or update DNS records as you modify or replace endpoints.


The addresses are assigned to your accelerator for as long as it exists, even if

you disable the accelerator and it no longer accepts or routes traffic.


Does health checks for TCP only – not UDP.


Can assign target weight within a region to control routing and also “dial” up

or down traffic to a region.


**Fault tolerance:**


- Has a fault-isolating design that increases the availability of your

  applications.

- AWS Global Accelerator allocates two IPv4 static addresses that are serviced

  by independent network zones.

- Similar to Availability Zones, these network zones are isolated units with

  their own set of physical infrastructure and service IP addresses from a

  unique IP subnet.

- If one IP address from a network zone becomes unavailable, due to network

  disruptions or IP address blocking by certain client networks, client

  applications can retry using the healthy static IP address from the other

  isolated network zone.


**Global performance-based routing:**


- AWS Global Accelerator uses the vast, congestion-free AWS global network to

  route TCP and UDP traffic to a healthy application endpoint in the closest AWS

  Region to the user.

- If there’s an application failure, AWS Global Accelerator provides instant

  failover to the next best endpoint.


**Fine-grained traffic control:**


- AWS Global Accelerator gives you the option to dial up or dial down traffic to

  a specific AWS Region by using traffic dials.

- The traffic dial lets you easily do performance testing or blue/green

  deployment testing for new releases across different AWS Regions, for example.

- If an endpoint fails, AWS Global Accelerator assigns user traffic to the other

  endpoints, to maintain high availability.

- By default, traffic dials are set to 100% across all endpoint groups so that

  AWS Global Accelerator can select the best endpoint for applications.


**Continuous availability monitoring:**


- AWS Global Accelerator continuously monitors the health of application

  endpoints by using TCP, HTTP, and HTTPS health checks.

- It instantly reacts to changes in the health or configuration of application

  endpoints, and redirects user traffic to healthy endpoints that deliver the

  best performance and availability to end users.


**Client affinity:**


- AWS Global Accelerator enables you to build applications that require

  maintaining state.

- For stateful applications where you need to consistently route users to the

  same endpoint, you can choose to direct all requests from a user to the same

  endpoint, regardless of the port and protocol.


**Distributed denial of service (DDoS) resiliency at the edge:**


- By default, AWS Global Accelerator is protected by AWS Shield Standard, which

  minimizes application downtime and latency from denial of service attacks by

  using always-on network flow monitoring and automated in-line mitigation.

- You can also enable AWS Shield Advanced for automated resource-specific

  enhanced detection and mitigation, as well as 24x7 access to the AWS DDoS

  Response Team (DRT) for


```

manual mitigations of sophisticated DDoS attacks.

```

