#### HOSTED ZONES


A hosted zone is a collection of records for a specified domain.


A hosted zone is analogous to a traditional DNS zone file; it represents a

collection of records that can be managed together.


**There are two types of zones:**


- Public host zone – determines how traffic is routed on the Internet.

- Private hosted zone for VPC – determines how traffic is routed within VPC (

  resources are not accessible outside the VPC).


Amazon Route 53 automatically creates the Name Server (NS) and Start of

Authority (SOA) records for the hosted zones.


Amazon Route 53 creates a set of 4 unique name servers (a delegation set) within

each hosted zone.


You can create multiple hosted zones with the same name and different records.


NS servers are specified by Fully Qualified Domain Name (FQDN) but you can get

the IP addresses from the command line (

e.g. dig or nslookup).


For private hosted zones you can see a list of VPCs in each region and must

select one.


**For private hosted zones you must set the following VPC settings to “true”:**


- enableDnsHostname

- enableDnsSupport


You also need to create a DHCP options set.


You can extend an on-premises DNS to VPC.


You cannot extend Route 53 to on-premises instances.


You cannot automatically register EC2 instances with private hosted zones (would

need to be scripted).


Health checks check the instance health by connecting to it.


**Health checks can be pointed at:**


- Endpoints

- Status of other health checks

- Status of a CloudWatch alarm


Endpoints can be IP addresses or domain names.

