#### GENERAL ROUTE 53 CONCEPTS


Amazon Route 53 is a highly available and scalable Domain Name System (DNS)

service.


**Route 53 offers the following functions:**


- Domain name registry.

- DNS resolution.

- Health checking of resources.


Route 53 can perform any combination of these functions.


Route 53 provides a worldwide distributed DNS service.


Route 53 is located alongside all edge locations.


Health checks verify Internet connected resources are reachable, available and

functional.


Route 53 can be used to route Internet traffic for domains registered with

another domain registrar

(any domain).


When you register a domain with Route 53 it becomes the authoritative DNS server

for that domain and creates a public hosted zone.


To make Route 53 the authoritative DNS for an existing domain without

transferring the domain create a Route 53 public hosted zone and change the DNS

Name Servers on the existing provider to the Route 53 Name Servers.


Changes to Name Servers may not take effect for up to 48 hours due to the DNS

record Time To Live

(TTL) values.


You can transfer domains to Route 53 only if the Top Level Domain (TLD) is

supported.


You can transfer a domain from Route 53 to another registrar by contacting AWS

support.


You can transfer a domain to another account in AWS however it does not migrate

the hosted zone by default (optional).


It is possible to have the domain registered in one AWS account and the hosted

zone in another AWS account.


Primarily uses UDP port 53 (can use TCP).


AWS offer a 100% uptime SLA for Route 53.


You can control management access to your Amazon Route 53 hosted zone by using

IAM.


There is a default limit of 50 domain names, but this can be increased by

contacting support.


Private DNS is a Route 53 feature that lets you have authoritative DNS within

your VPCs without exposing your DNS records (including the name of the resource

and its IP address(es) to the Internet.


You can use the AWS Management Console or API to register new domain names with

Route 53.

