#### LIMITS

The following table details the default limits for your account on a per-region
basis:

**CLASSIC LOAD BALANCER (CLB)**

The Classic Load Balancer provides basic load balancing across multiple Amazon
EC2 instances and operates at both the

request level and connection level.

Operates at layer 4 and layer 7.

Supported protocols: TCP, SSL, HTTP, HTTPS.

CLB does not support HTTP/2.

**Load balancers can listen on the following ports:**

- [EC2-VPC] 1 - 65535.

- [EC2-Classic] 25, 80, 443, 465, 587, 1024 - 65535.

CLB’s do not have pre-defined IPv4 addresses but are resolved using a DNS name.

Does not support Elastic IPs.

Supports IPv4 and IPv6.

Within a VPC only IPv4 is supported.

Provides SSL termination and processing.

**Sticky Sessions:**

- Cookie-based sticky sessions are supported.

- Session stickiness uses cookies and ensures a client is bound to an individual
  back-end instance for the duration of

  the cookie lifetime.

- Cookies can be inserted by the application or by the load balancer when
  configured.

- After cookies expire new requests will be routed by the load balancer normally
  and a new cookie will be inserted and

  bind subsequent sessions to the same back-end instance.

- With application-inserted cookies if the back-end instance becomes unhealthy,
  new requests will be routed by the load

  balancer normally and a new cookie will be inserted and bind subsequent
  sessions to the same back-end instance.

- With CLB-inserted cookies if the back-end instance becomes unhealthy, new
  requests will

```

be routed by the load balancer normally BUT the session will no longer be sticky.

```

Must have multiple CLBs for multiple SSL certs.

Integrates with Auto Scaling, CloudWatch, CloudTrail and Route 53.

Instances monitored by CLB are reported as InService or OutofService.

Supports domain zone apex records, e.g. example.com.

Wildcard certificates are supported.

**Health checks:**

- Can be configured for HTTP, TCP, HTTPS, SSL.

- Ping port specifies the port for the health check.

- Ping path specifies the path to check, e.g. /index.html.

- Can define timeout, interval, unhealthy threshold, healthy threshold.

For fault tolerance it is recommended to distribute registered instances across
multiple AZs (ideally evenly).

**Cross-zone load balancing:**

- Cross-zone load balancing is enabled by default for CLB and ALB but not for
  NLB (when created through the console).

- Cross-zone load balancing is NOT enabled by default if the CLB is created from
  the CLI or API.

- You can enable or disable cross-zone load balancing on the CLB and NLB at any
  time.

- For the ALB, cross-zone load balancing is always on and cannot be disabled.

- When cross-zone load balancing is enabled, each load balancer node distributes
  traffic across the registered targets

  in all enabled Availability Zones.

- When cross-zone load balancing is disabled, each load balancer node
  distributes traffic across the registered targets

  in its Availability Zone only.

Connection draining is enabled by default and provides a period of time for
existing connections to close cleanly.

When connection draining is in action a CLB will be in the status “InService:
Instance deregistration currently in

progress”.

CLB can take 1 to 7 minutes to detect an increase in load and scale.

If you’re anticipating a fast increase in load you can contact AWS and instruct
them to pre-warm

(provision) additional CLB nodes.

**Listeners:**

- A CLB listener is the process that checks for connection requests.

- You can configure the protocol/port on which your CLB listener listens.

- Front-end listeners check for traffic from clients to the CLB.

- Back-end listeners are configured with the protocol/port to check for traffic
  from the CLB to the EC2 instances.

- Front-end and back-end listeners can listen on ports 1 - 65535.


- Front-end and back-end listeners must be at the same layer (e.g. layer 4 or
  layer 7).

- There is a 1:1 mapping between front-end and back-end listeners.

- Up to 100 listeners can be configured.

- Supports L4 (TCP, SSL) and L7 (HTTP, HTTPS) listeners.

With packet interception the source IP/port will be from the ELB.

Proxy protocol for TCP/SSL carries the source (client) IP/port information.

The Proxy Protocol header helps you identify the IP address of a client when you
have a load balancer that uses TCP for

back-end connections.

Ensure the client doesn’t go through a proxy or there will be multiple proxy
headers.

Also need to ensure the EC2 instance’s TCP stack can process the extra
information.

X-forwarded-for for HTTP/HTTPS carries the source IP/port information.

To use an HTTPS listener the CLB must have an X.509 SSL/TLS server certificate –
this will allow the CLB to terminate

the secure session from the client to the CLB.

The session between the CLB and the EC2 instance can be re-encrypted.

You can use a certificate generated by AWS Certificate Manager (ACM) or your own
certificate.

If you don’t want interception/offloading you can use TCP listeners with
certificates on the EC2 instances (traffic is

secured end-to-end).

Proxy protocol only applies to L4.

X-forwarded-for only applies to L7.

To filter by source IP use NACLs for proxy protocol (L4) / X-forwarded-for (L7)
headers with the EC2 instance’s

application performing the filtering.

**Security**

CLB supports a single X.509 certificate.

Two-way authentication with client certificates is not supported on the CLB –
you would need to pass through the session

using the proxy protocol and have an application that supports client-side
certificates.

When using end-to-end encryption use TCP not SSL/HTTPS on the CLB (does not
support Session Stickiness).

AWS ACM certificates include an RSA public key – ensure you include a set of
ciphers that support RSA in the security

policy.

The latest predefined security policy does not include support for SSLv3.

When choosing a custom security policy, you can select the ciphers and
protocols (only for CLB).

**SSL Security Policy includes:**

- Protocol Versions (SSL/TLS)

  o Supports TLS 1.0, 1.1, 1.2, SSL 3.0


- SSL Ciphers o Encryption algorithms o SSL can use different ciphers to encrypt
  data

- Server Order Preference o When enabled the first match in the cipher list with
  the Client list is used

If disabled (default) the first match in the client cipher list with the CLB is
used

**APPLICATION LOAD BALANCER (ALB)**

The Application Load Balancer operates at the request level (layer 7), routing
traffic to targets – EC2 instances,

containers and IP addresses based on the content of the request.

You can load balance HTTP/HTTPS applications and use layer 7 - specific
features, such as X- Forwarded-For headers.

Supports HTTPS termination between the clients and the load balancer.

Supports management of SSL certificates through AWS IAM and AWS Certificate
Manager for pre- defined security policies.

Server Name Indication (SNI) supports multiple secure websites using a single
secure listener.

With Server Name Indication a client indicates the hostname to connect to.

IP addresses as targets allows load balancing any application hosted in AWS or
on-premises using IP addresses of the

application back-ends as targets.

Need at least 2 availability zones and you can distribute incoming traffic
across your targets in multiple Availability

Zones.

Automatically scales its request handling capacity in response to incoming
application traffic.

Can configure an Application Load Balancer to be Internet facing or create a
load balancer without public IP addresses

to serve as an internal (non-Internet-facing) load balancer.

Native IPv6 support.

Internal only ALB only supports IPv4.

**Content-Based Routing allows the routing of requests to a service based on the
content of the request:**

- Host-based routing – route client requests based on the Host field of the HTTP
  header allowing you to route to

  multiple domains from the same load balancer.

- Path-based routing – route a client request based on the URL path of the HTTP
  header (e.g. /images or /orders).

Provides support for micro-services and containers with load balancing across
multiple ports on a single EC2 instance.

Better performance for real-time streaming.

Deletion protection can be enabled.

Request tracing (allows you to track a request by its unique ID).

Better health checks and CloudWatch metrics.

Integration with Amazon Cognito for user authentication.

Uses a round-robin load balancing algorithm.

Slow start mode allows targets to “warm up” with a ramp-up period.

**Health Checks:**

- Can have custom response codes in health checks (200-399).

- There are more details provided in the API and management console for health
  check failures.

- Reason codes are returned with failed health checks.

- Health checks do not support WebSockets.

- Fail open means if no AZ contains a healthy target, the load balancer nodes
  route requests to all targets.

Detailed access log information is provided and saved to an S3 bucket every 5 or
6 minutes.

ALB does not support back-end server authentication (CLB does).

ALB does not support EC2-Classic (CLB does).

Deletion protection is possible.

Deregistration delay is similar to connection draining.

**Sticky Sessions:**

- Session stickiness uses cookies and ensures a client is bound to an individual
  back-end instance for the duration of

  the cookie lifetime.

- ALB supports load balancer-generated cookies only.

- The name of the cookie is AWSALB.

- The contents of these cookies are encrypted using a rotating key.

- You cannot decrypt or modify load balancer-generated cookies.

- Sticky sessions are enabled at the target group level.

- You can also set the duration for the stickiness of the load
  balancer-generated cookie, in seconds.

- WebSockets connections are inherently sticky (following the upgrade process).

**Monitoring**

CloudTrail can be used to capture API calls. Only pay for the S3 storage
charges.

CloudTrail records information on API calls only.

To monitor other actions such as time the request was received, the client’s IP
address, request paths etc. use access

logs.

Access logging is optional and disabled by default.

You are only charged for the S3 storage.

ALB logs requests sent to the load balancer including requests that never made
it to targets.

ALB does not log health check requests.

**Logging of requests is best effort so shouldn’t be relied on for**

**auditing.**

**Target groups**

Target groups are a logical grouping of targets (EC2 instances or ECS).

Targets are the endpoints and can be EC2 instances, ECS containers, or IP
addresses.

Target groups can exist independently from the ALB.

Target groups can have up to 1000 targets.

A single target can be in multiple target groups.

Only one protocol and one port can be defined per target group.

The target type in a target group can be an EC2 instance ID, IP address (must be
a valid private IP from an existing

subnet) or AWS Lambda Function (ALB only).

You cannot use public IP addresses as targets.

You cannot use instance IDs and IP address targets within the same target group.

A target group can only be associated with one load balancer.

The following diagram illustrates the basic components. Notice that each
listener contains a default rule, and one

listener contains another rule that routes requests to a different target group.
One target is registered with two

target groups.

Target groups are used for registering instances against an ALB or NLB.

Target groups are a regional construct.

The following diagram shows how target groups can be used with host-based and
target-based routing to route traffic to

multiple websites, running on multiple ports, on a single EC2 instance:

**The following attributes can be defined:**

- Deregistration delay – the amount of time for Elastic Load Balancing to wait
  before deregistering a target.

- Slow start duration – the time period, in seconds, during which the load
  balancer sends a newly registered target a

  linearly increasing share of the traffic to the target group.

- Stickiness – indicates whether sticky sessions are enabled.

The default settings for attributes are shown below:

Auto Scaling groups can scale each target group individually.

You can only use Auto Scaling with the load balancer if using instance IDs in
your target group.

Health checks are defined per target group.

ALB can route to multiple target groups.

You can register the same EC2 instance or IP address with the same target group
multiple times using different ports (

used for routing requests to micro-services).

If you register by instance ID the traffic is routed using the primary private
IP address of the primary network

interface.

If you register by IP address you can route traffic to an instance using any
private address from one or more network

interfaces.

You cannot mix different types within a target group (EC2, ECS, IP).

An EC2 instance can be registered with the same target group multiple times
using multiple ports.

**IP addresses can be used to register:**

- Instances in a peered VPC.

- AWS resources that are addressable by IP address and port.

- On-premises resources linked to AWS through Direct Connect or a VPN
  connection.

**Listeners and Rules**

**Listeners:**

- Each ALB needs at least one listener and can have up to 10.

- Listeners define the port and protocol to listen on.

- Can add one or more listeners.

- Cannot have the same port in multiple listeners.

**Listener rules:**

- Rules determine how the load balancer routes requests to the targets in one or
  more target groups.

- Each rule consists of a priority, one or more actions, an optional host
  condition, and an optional path condition.

- Only one action can be configured per rule.

- One or more rules are required.

- Each listener has a default rule and you can optionally define additional
  rules.

- Up to 100 rules per ALB.

- Rules determine what action is taken when the rule matches the client request.

- Rules are defined on listeners.

- You can add rules that specify different target groups based on the content of
  the request

  (content-based routing).

- If no rules are found the default rule will be followed which directs traffic
  to the default target groups.

The image below shows a ruleset with a host-based and path-based entry and a
default rule at the end:

**Default rules:**

- When you create a listener, you define an action for the default rule.


- Default rules cannot have conditions.

- You can delete the non-default rules for a listener at any time.

- You cannot delete the default rule for a listener.

- When you delete a listener all of its rules are deleted.

- If no conditions for any of a listener’s rules are met, the action for the
  default rule is taken.

**Rule priority:**

- Each rule has a priority and they are evaluated in order of lowest to highest.

- The default rule is evaluated last.

- You can change the value of a non-default rule at any time.

- You cannot change the value of the default rule.

**Rule action:**

- Only one target group per action.

- Each rule has a type and a target group.

- The only supported action type is forward, which forwards requests to the
  target group.

- You can change the target group for a rule at any time.

**Rule conditions:**

- There are two types of rule condition: host and path.

- When the conditions for a rule are met the action is taken.

- Each rule can have up to 2 conditions, 1 path condition and 1 host condition.

- Optional condition is the path pattern you want the ALB to evaluate in order
  for it to route requests.

**Request routing:**

- After the load balancer receives a request it evaluates the listener rules in
  priority order to determine which rule

  to apply, and then selects a target from the target group for the rule action
  using the round robin routing algorithm.

- Routing is performed independently for each target group even when a target is
  registered with multiple target groups.

- You can configure listener rules to route requests to different target groups
  based on the content of the application

  traffic.

**Content-based routing:**

- ALB can route requests based on the content of the request in the host field:
  host-based or path-based.

- Host-based is domain name-based routing e.g. example.com or app1.example.com.

- The host field contains the domain name and optionally the port number.

- Path-based is URL based routing e.g. example.com/images, example.com/app1.

- You can also create rules that combine host-based and path-based routing.

- Anything that doesn’t match content routing rules will be sent to a default
  target group.

**ALB and ECS**

ECS service maintains the “desired count” of instances.

Optionally a load balancer can distribute traffic across tasks.

All containers in a single task definition are placed on a single EC2 container
instance.

**You can put multiple containers in the same task definition behind a CLB.**

- Define multiple host ports in the service definition.

- Define these listener ports as listeners on the CLB.

ECS service can only use a single load balancer.

If your task definition requires multiple ports per container you must use a CLB
with multiple listeners.

ALB cannot do multiple listeners on a single task definition.

AWS does not recommend connecting multiple services to the same CLB.

ALB allows containers to use dynamic host port mapping so that multiple tasks
from the same service are allowed on the

same container host.

ALB supports path-based routing and priority rules.

ALB integrates with EC2 container service using service load balancing.

If a service uses multiple ports then multiple task definitions will need to be
created with multiple target groups.

**Federated authentication:**

- ALB now supports authentication from OIDC compliant identity providers such as
  Google, Facebook and Amazon.

- Implemented through an authentication action on a listener rule that
  integrates with Amazon Cognito to create user

  pools.

- AWS SAM can also be used with Amazon Cognito.

