#### KINESIS DATA ANALYTICS


Amazon Kinesis Data Analytics is the easiest way to process and analyze

real-time, streaming data.


Can use standard SQL queries to process Kinesis data streams.


Provides real-time analysis.


**Use cases:**


- Generate time-series analytics.

- Feed real-time dashboards.

- Create real-time alerts and notifications.


Quickly author and run powerful SQL code against streaming sources.


Can ingest data from Kinesis Streams and Kinesis Firehose.


Output to S3, RedShift, Elasticsearch and Kinesis Data Streams.


Sits over Kinesis Data Streams and Kinesis Data Firehose.


**A Kinesis Data Analytics application consists of three components:**


- Input – the streaming source for your application.

- Application code – a series of SQL statements that process input and produce

  output.

- Output – one or more in-application streams to hold intermediate results.


**Kinesis Data Analytics supports two types of inputs: streaming data sources

and reference data sources:**


- A streaming data source is continuously generated data that is read into your

  application for processing.

- A reference data source is static data that your application uses to enrich

  data coming in from streaming sources.


Can configure destinations to persist the results.


Supports Kinesis Streams and Kinesis Firehose (S3, RedShift, ElasticSearch) as

destinations.


IAM can be used to provide Kinesis Analytics with permissions to read records

from sources and write to destinations.

