#### AWS ORGANIZATIONS


AWS Organizations helps you centrally govern your environment as you grow and

scale your workloads on AWS.


Organizations helps you to centrally manage billing; control access, compliance,

and security; and share resources across your AWS accounts.


Using AWS Organizations, you can automate account creation, create groups of

accounts to reflect your business needs, and apply policies for these groups for

governance.


You can also simplify billing by setting up a single payment method for all of

your AWS accounts.


Through integrations with other AWS services, you can use Organizations to

define central configurations and resource sharing across accounts in your

organization.


AWS Organizations is available to all AWS customers at no additional charge.


The AWS Organizations API enables automation for account creation and

management.


**Available in two feature sets:**


- Consolidated billing

- All features


By default, organizations support consolidated billing features.


Consolidated billing separates paying accounts and linked accounts.


You can use AWS Organizations to set up a single payment method for all the AWS

accounts in your organization through consolidated billing.


With consolidated billing, you can see a combined view of charges incurred by

all your accounts.


Can also take advantage of pricing benefits from aggregated usage, such as

volume discounts for Amazon EC2 and Amazon S3.


Limit of 20 linked accounts for consolidated billing (default).


Policies can be assigned at different points in the hierarchy.


Can help with cost control through volume discounts.


Unused reserved EC2 instances are applied across the group.


Paying accounts should be used for billing purposes only.


Billing alerts can be setup at the paying account which shows billing for all

linked accounts.


**Core concepts:**


- **AWS Organization -** An organization is a collection of AWS accounts that

  you can organize into a hierarchy and manage centrally.

- **AWS Account -** An AWS account is a container for your AWS resources.

- **Master Account -** A master account is the AWS account you use to create

  your organization.

- **Member Account -** A member account is an AWS account, other than the master

  account, that is part of an organization.

- **Administrative Root -** An administrative root is the starting point for

  organizing your AWS accounts. The administrative root is the top-most

  container in your organization’s hierarchy.

- **Organizational Unit (OU) -** An organizational unit (OU) is a group of AWS

  accounts within an organization. An OU can also contain other OUs enabling you

  to create a hierarchy.

- **Policy -** A policy is a “document” with one or more statements that define

  the controls that you want to apply to a group of AWS accounts. AWS

  Organizations supports a specific type of policy called a Service Control

  Policy (SCP). An SCP defines the AWS service actions, such as Amazon EC2

  RunInstances, that are available for use in different accounts within an

  organization.


**Migrating accounts between organizations:**


- Accounts can be migrated between organizations.

- You must have root or IAM access to both the member and master accounts.

- Use the AWS Organizations console for just a few accounts.

- Use the AWS Organizations API or AWS Command Line Interface (AWS CLI) if there

  are many accounts to migrate.



- Billing history and billing reports for all accounts stay with the master

  account in an organization.

- Before migration download any billing or report history for any member

  accounts that you want to keep.

- When a member account leaves an organization, all charges incurred by the

  account are charged directly to the standalone account.

- Even if the account move only takes a minute to process, it is likely that

  some charges will be incurred by the member account.

