#### GENERAL DYNAMODB CONCEPTS


Amazon DynamoDB is a fully managed NoSQL database service that provides fast and

predictable performance with seamless scalability.


Multi-AZ NoSQL data store with Cross-Region Replication option.


Push button scaling means that you can scale the DB at any time without

incurring downtime.


Defaults to eventual consistency reads but can request strongly consistent read

via SDK parameter.


Priced on throughput, rather than compute.


Provision read and write capacity in anticipation of need.


Autoscale capacity adjusts per configured min/max levels.


On-Demand Capacity provides flexible capacity at a small premium cost.


Can achieve ACID compliance with DynamoDB Transactions.


SSD based and uses limited indexing on attributes for performance.


DynamoDB is a Web service that uses HTTP over SSL (HTTPS) as a transport and

JSON as a message serialization format.


Amazon DynamoDB stores three geographically distributed replicas of each table

to enable high availability and data durability.


Data is synchronously replicated across 3 facilities (AZs) in a region.


**Cross-region replication allows you to replicate across regions:**


- Amazon DynamoDB global tables provides a fully managed solution for deploying

  a multi- region, multi-master database.

- When you create a global table, you specify the AWS regions where you want the

  table to be available.

- DynamoDB performs all of the necessary tasks to create identical tables in

  these regions, and propagate ongoing data changes to all of them.


Provides low read and write latency.


Scale storage and throughput up or down as needed without code changes or

downtime.


DynamoDB is schema-less.


DynamoDB can be used for storing session state.


Provides two read models.


**Eventually consistent reads (Default):**


- The eventual consistency option maximises your read throughput (best read

  performance).

- An eventually consistent read might not reflect the results of a recently

  completed write.

- Consistency across all copies reached within 1 second.


**Strongly consistent reads:**


- A strongly consistent read returns a result that reflects all writes that

  received a successful response prior to the read (faster consistency).


Users/applications reading from DynamoDB tables can specify in their requests if

they want strong consistency (default is eventually consistent).


Attributes consists of a name and a value or set of values.


Attributes in DynamoDB are similar to fields or columns in other database

systems.


The primary key is the only required attribute for items in a table and it

uniquely identifies each item.


**A primary key can either be one of the following types.**


**Partition key:**


- A simple primary key composed of one attribute known as the partition key.


**Partition key and sort key:**


- Referred to as a composite primary key.

- Composed of two attributes: partition key and sort key.


An item is a collection of attributes.


The aggregate size of an item cannot exceed 400KB including keys and all

attributes.


Can store pointers to objects in S3, including items over 400KB.


Tables are a collection of items and items are made up of attributes (columns).


Supports key-value and document data structures.


Supports fast, in-place Atomic updates.


Stores structured data in tables, indexed by a primary key.


Supports GET/PUT operations using a user-defined primary key.


DynamoDB provides flexible querying by letting you query on non-primary key

attributes using Global Secondary Indexes and Local Secondary Indexes.


You can create one or more secondary indexes on a table.


A _secondary index_ lets you query the data in the table using an alternate key,

in addition to queries against the primary key.


**DynamoDB supports two kinds of secondary indexes:**


- Global secondary index – An index with a partition key and sort key that can

  be different from those on the table.

- Local secondary index – An index that has the same partition key as the table,

  but a different sort key.


**You can search using one of the following methods:**


- Query operation – find items in a table or a secondary index using only the

  primary keys attributes.

- Scan operation – reads every item in a table or a secondary index and by

  default will return all items.


Use DynamoDB when relational features are not required and the DB is likely to

need to scale.


**Not ideal for the following situations:**


- Traditional RDS apps.

- Joins and/or complex transactions.

- BLOB data.

- Large data with low I/O rate.

