#### GENERAL RDS CONCEPTS


Amazon Relational Database Service (Amazon RDS) is a managed service that makes

it easy to set up, operate, and scale a relational database in the cloud.


RDS is an Online Transaction Processing (OLTP) type of database.


Primary use case is a transactional database (rather than analytical).


Best for structured, relational data store requirements.


Aims to be drop-in replacement for existing on-premise instances of the same

databases.


Automated backups and patching applied in customer-defined maintenance windows.


Push-button scaling, replication and redundancy.


**Amazon RDS supports the following database engines:**


- Amazon Aurora

- MySQL

- MariaDB

- Oracle

- SQL Server

- PostgreSQL


RDS is a managed service and you do not have access to the underlying EC2

instance (no root access).


**The RDS service includes the following:**


- Security and patching of the DB instances.

- Automated backup for the DB instances.

- Software updates for the DB engine.

- Easy scaling for storage and compute.

- Multi-AZ option with synchronous replication.

- Automatic failover for Multi-AZ option.

- Read replicas option for read heavy workloads.


A DB instance is a database environment in the cloud with the compute and

storage resources you specify.


Database instances are accessed via endpoints.


Endpoints can be retrieved via the DB instance description in the AWS Management

Console,

**DescribeDBInstances** API or **describe-db-instances** command.


By default, customers are allowed to have up to a total of 40 Amazon RDS DB

instances (only 10 of


these can be Oracle or MS SQL unless you have your own licences).


Maintenance windows are configured to allow DB instances modifications to take

place such as scaling and software patching (some operations require the DB

instance to be taken offline briefly).


You can define the maintenance window or AWS will schedule a 30 - minute window.


Windows integrated authentication for SQL only works with domains created using

the AWS directory service – need to establish a trust with an on-premise AD

directory.


**Events and Notifications:**


- Amazon RDS uses AWS SNS to send RDS events via SNS notifications.

- You can use API calls to the Amazon RDS service to list the RDS events in the

  last 14 days

  (DescribeEvents API).

- You can view events from the last 14 days using the CLI.

- Using the AWS Console, you can only view RDS events for the last 1 day.

