#### READ REPLICAS


Read replicas are used for read-heavy DBs and replication is asynchronous.


Read replicas are for workload sharing and offloading.


Read replicas provide read-only DR.


Read replicas are created from a snapshot of the master instance.


Must have automated backups enabled on the primary (retention period > 0).


Only supported for transactional database storage engines (InnoDB not MyISAM).


Read replicas are available for MySQL, PostgreSQL, MariaDB, Oracle and Aurora (

not SQL Server).


For the MySQL, MariaDB, PostgreSQL, and Oracle database engines, Amazon RDS

creates a second DB instance using a snapshot of the source DB instance.


It then uses the engines’ native asynchronous replication to update the read

replica whenever there is a change to the source DB instance.


Amazon Aurora employs an SSD-backed virtualized storage layer purpose-built for

database workloads.


You can take snapshots of PostgreSQL read replicas but cannot enable automated

backups.


You can enable automatic backups on MySQL and MariaDB read replicas.


You can enable writes to the MySQL and MariaDB Read Replicas.


You can have 5 read replicas of a production DB.


You cannot have more than four instances involved in a replication chain.


You can have read replicas of read replicas for MySQL and MariaDB but not for

PostgreSQL.


Read replicas can be configured from the AWS Console or the API.


You can specify the AZ the read replica is deployed in.


The read replicas storage type and instance class can be different from the

source but the compute should be at least the performance of the source.


You cannot change the DB engine.


In a multi-AZ failover, the read replicas are switched to the new primary.


Read replicas must be explicitly deleted.


If a source DB instance is deleted without deleting the replicas each replica

becomes a standalone single-AZ DB instance.


You can promote a read replica to primary.


Promotion of read replicas takes several minutes.


**Promoted read replicas retain:**


- Backup retention window.

- Backup window.

- DB parameter group.


Existing read replicas continue to function as normal.


Each read replica has its own DNS endpoint.


Read replicas can have multi-AZ enabled and you can create read replicas of

multi-AZ source DBs.


Read replicas can be in another region (uses asynchronous replication).


This configuration can be used for centralizing data from across different

regions for analytics.

